Setting: 
	recently Abandoned Facility Facility C black rock research
	Known for experimentation on Cutting edge mining technology who knows what they are up to and hiding
	a week ago a large energy signature was detected by long range scans which was then quickly followed by a facility lockdown
	meaning nothing has been head from any representatives for a week. until today where main power reserves have ran out and people are able to enter 
	
	player(s):
		private elites hired by company after the faciliy C lockdown.
	
	Mission brief:

er Hello.
oh good, i take it you made it to the elevator then.
ok perfect.
first off that button in the corner will send you down into the facility. So err, only press that when you're ready.

facility C was our most advanced private research centre until some time last week anyway. Security to this place is tight, so even the higher ups don't know half of what goes on down there. so when they stopped responding to calls about a week ago ; that er caused some problems. It seems that around that time a lockdown was called meaning we haven't been able to access either entrance to this place. until earlier today when power ran out and the elevators unlocked.
according to our limited sources the service elevator runs on the facility power meaning it hasen't been working since the power outage.
but er, luckily the visitor entrance is still working so that’s what  we are using today.

this is where you come in. your job is to go down there and find out what happened then come back up this elevator and report back to us.
so, to help you out here we have equipped each of you with a flash light so you can see  where you are down there, just remember not to run the power down too much or you might get stuck in the dark. 
also, as we don't have a map of down there due to security we have given you some chalk to mark your way with.
Er, also when you get down there i wont be able to call you because the radio wont reach. So, Er good luck I guess, lets see what you can find down there for us!
